---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tdh_cluster_metadata Data Source - tdh"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Used to fetch metadata of a cluster by ID.
---

# tdh_cluster_metadata (Data Source)

Used to fetch metadata of a cluster by ID.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "tdh_cluster_metadata" "example" {
  id = "CLUSTER_ID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID of the cluster.

### Optional

- `bindings` (Attributes List) List of the Bindings. Specific to `RABBITMQ` service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bindings))
- `databases` (Attributes List) List of the Databases. Specific to `POSTGRES` & `MYSQL` service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--databases))
- `exchanges` (Attributes List) List of the Exchanges. Specific to `RABBITMQ` service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exchanges))
- `queues` (Attributes List) List of the Queues. Specific to `RABBITMQ` service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--queues))
- `vhosts` (Attributes List) List of the vHosts. Specific to `RABBITMQ` service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vhosts))

### Read-Only

- `extensions` (Attributes List) List of the extensions in cluster. Specific to `POSTGRES` service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions))
- `name` (String) Name of the cluster.
- `provider_name` (String) Name of the data-plane's cloud provider where cluster is deployed.
- `service_type` (String) Type of the service of the cluster.
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bindings`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (String) Destination exchange.
- `destination_type` (String) Type of the destination.
- `routing_key` (String) Routing key.
- `source` (String) Source exchange.
- `vhost` (String) vHost name.


<a id="nestedatt--databases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `databases`

Optional:

- `owner` (String) Name of the database owner.
- `routines` (List of String) List of the routines in the database. Specific to `MYSQL` service.
- `schemas` (Attributes List) List of the schemas in the database. Specific to `POSTGRES` service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--databases--schemas))
- `tables` (Attributes List) List of the tables in the database. Specific to `MYSQL` service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--databases--tables))

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the database.

<a id="nestedatt--databases--schemas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `databases.schemas`

Optional:

- `owner` (String) Name of the schema owner.
- `tables` (Attributes List) List of the tables in the schema. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--databases--schemas--tables))

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the schema.

<a id="nestedatt--databases--schemas--tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `databases.schemas.tables`

Optional:

- `type` (String) Type of the table.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the table.



<a id="nestedatt--databases--tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `databases.tables`

Optional:

- `columns` (List of String) List of the columns in the table.
- `type` (String) Type of the table.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the table.



<a id="nestedatt--exchanges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exchanges`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the exchange.
- `vhost` (String) vHost of the exchange.


<a id="nestedatt--queues"></a>
### Nested Schema for `queues`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the queue.
- `vhost` (String) vHost of the queue.


<a id="nestedatt--vhosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vhosts`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the vHost.


<a id="nestedatt--extensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the extension.
- `version` (String) Version of the extension.


