---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tdh_cluster_backups Data Source - tdh"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Used to fetch all the backups available for the service type on TDH.
---

# tdh_cluster_backups (Data Source)

Used to fetch all the backups available for the service type on TDH.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "tdh_cluster_backups" "all" {
  service_type = "< POSTGRES / MYSQL / REDIS >"
}

output "resp" {
  value = data.tdh_cluster_backups.all
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `service_type` (String) Type of the service. Supported values: `POSTGRES`, `MYSQL`, `REDIS` .

### Optional

- `list` (Attributes List) List of the backups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The testing framework requires an id attribute to be present in every data source and resource

<a id="nestedatt--list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list`

Read-Only:

- `backup_trigger_type` (String) The type of trigger for the backup.
- `cluster_id` (String) ID of the cluster.
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster.
- `cluster_version` (String) Version of the cluster.
- `data_plane_id` (String) The ID of the data plane.
- `id` (String) ID of the Backup.
- `metadata` (Attributes) The metadata of the backup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list--metadata))
- `name` (String) Name of the Backup.
- `provider_name` (String) The provider of the cluster.
- `region` (String) The region of the cluster.
- `service_type` (String) Service Type of the cluster.
- `size` (String) Size of the cluster.
- `status` (String) Status of the backup.

<a id="nestedatt--list--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `backup_location` (String) Backup Location
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster.
- `cluster_size` (String) Size of the Instance Type.
- `databases` (Set of String) List of databases part of backup.
- `extensions` (Attributes Set) List of extensions part of backup. *(Specific to service `POSTGRES`)* (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list--metadata--extensions))

<a id="nestedatt--list--metadata--extensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list.metadata.extensions`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the extension.
- `version` (String) Version of the extension.


