---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tdh_regions Data Source - tdh"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Used to fetch the regions having data-planes by desired amount of resources available.
  Note: At a time, either instance_size or all of (cpu, memory, storage, node_count) can be passed.
---

# tdh_regions (Data Source)

Used to fetch the regions having data-planes by desired amount of resources available.
**Note:** At a time, either `instance_size` or all of (`cpu`, `memory`, `storage`, `node_count`) can be passed.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# pass valid data with respect to the instance type selected
data "tdh_regions" "dedicated_dp" {
  instance_size        = "SMALL-LITE"
  dedicated_data_plane = true
  provider_type = "tkgs" # can be fetched using datasource "tdh_provider_types"
  service_type = "POSTGRES" # can get using datasource "tdh_provider_types"
}

output "resp" {
  value = data.tdh_regions.dedicated_dp.regions
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_size` (String) Type of instance size. Supported values: `XX-SMALL`, `X-SMALL`, `SMALL`, `LARGE`, `XX-LARGE`, `SMALL-LITE`.`SMALL-LITE` instance size is applicable only for `POSTGRES` service type
- `provider_type` (String) Shortname of cloud provider platform where data-plane lives. Ex: `tkgs`, `tkgm`, `openshift`, `tas`.
- `service_type` (String) Service Type. Ex: `POSTGRES`, `MYSQL`, `REDIS`, `RABBITMQ`.

### Optional

- `cpu` (String) K8s CPU units required. Ex: `500m`, `1` (1000m) .
- `dedicated_data_plane` (Boolean) If set to `true`, only data-planes that are exclusive to current Org *(determined by auth identity)* are queried. Else only shared ones.
- `instance_size` (String) Type of instance size. Supported values: `XX-SMALL`, `X-SMALL`, `SMALL`, `LARGE`, `XX-LARGE`, `SMALL-LITE`.`SMALL-LITE` instance size is applicable only for `POSTGRES` service type
- `memory` (String) K8s memory units required. Ex: `800Mi`, `2Gi` .
- `node_count` (String) Count of worker nodes that must be present in a data-plane. Ex: `3` .
- `storage` (String) K8s storage units required. Ex: `2Gi` .

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The testing framework requires an id attribute to be present in every data source and resource.
- `regions` (Attributes List) Response of regional data-planes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions))

<a id="nestedatt--regions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions`

Read-Only:

- `data_plane_ids` (List of String) List of data-plane IDs that are created by SRE & registered on TDH.
- `id` (String) ID of the region.
- `name` (String) Name of the region.


